README.md, before:

# fp_lap2_project

> PROJECT DESC

## Installation & Usage

### Installation
* Clone or download the repo.
* Then navigate to the `` folder.
* Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

### Usage
* 
* Run `npm test` to run test suite.

## Changelog

### client/index.html

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/css/main.css

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/layout.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/modal.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/requests.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### db/migrations/1_create_users.sql

- [x] Refactored Password for Cryptography.
- [x] Refactored timestamp to automatically generate timestamp on record creation.
- [x] Created Users table
- [x] Initial Commit

### db/migrations/2_create_habits.sql

- [x] Created Habits table
- [x] Initial Commit

### api/dbConfig/dev_seeds.sql

- [x] Updated seeds
- [x] Initial Commit

### api/controllers/users.js

- [x] Refactored Timestamp as this will happen directly within the SQL database.

- [x] Implemented user controller.

### api/controllers/habits.js

- [x] Added UPDATE function.

- [x] Fixed DELETE implementation.

- [x] Implemented habits controller.

### api/models/habit.js

- [x] Added isComplete property.

- [x] Fixed DELETE implementation.

- [x] Implemented habit model.

### api/models/user.js

- [x] Fixed JOIN on getById method.

- [x] Linked ids with habit's model.

- [x] Implemented user model.

### api/routes/auth.js

- [x] Implemented Cryptography route.

### api/tests/unit/controllers/habits.spec.js

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/tests/unit/controllers/users.spec.js

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/tests/unit/models/Habit.spec.js

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/index.js

- [x] Initial Commit - Setup Server initialisation

### api/server.js

- [x] Initial Commit - Setup Server configuration

### api/.env

- [x] Initial Commit

### api/dbConfig/init.js

- [x] Initial Commit - 
- [x] Setup DB initialisation

### api/dbConfig/seedDev.js

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup FS

### docker-compose.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Configuration

### docker-compose.dev.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Dev

### docker-compose.test.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Test

### api/package.json

- [x] Added Cryptography packages for password hashing.

- [x] Initial Commit

### api/.gitignore

- [x] Initial Commit

### .gitignore

- [x] Initial Commit

### Bugs
- 

## Wins & Challenges

### Wins

### Challenges

----
## Credits

>Crafted by Ben, Marie-Sophie, Samantha, and Terry.

Commit message:

Fixed Backend functions and refactored unit tests.

README.md, after:

# fp_lap2_project

> PROJECT DESC

## Installation & Usage

### Installation
* Clone or download the repo.
* Then navigate to the `` folder.
* Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

### Usage
* 
* Run `npm test` to run test suite.

## Changelog

### client/index.html

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/css/main.css

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/layout.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/modal.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### client/static/js/requests.js

- [x] Initial Commit

### db/migrations/1_create_users.sql

- [x] Refactored Password for Cryptography.
- [x] Refactored timestamp to automatically generate timestamp on record creation.
- [x] Created Users table
- [x] Initial Commit

### db/migrations/2_create_habits.sql

- [x] Created Habits table
- [x] Initial Commit

### api/dbConfig/dev_seeds.sql

- [x] Updated seeds
- [x] Initial Commit

### api/controllers/users.js

- [x] Refactored Timestamp as this will happen directly within the SQL database.

- [x] Implemented user controller.

### api/controllers/habits.js

- [x] - Refactored Show and Create functions.

- [x] Added UPDATE function.

- [x] Fixed DELETE implementation.

- [x] Implemented habits controller.

### api/models/habit.js

- [x] Fixed Create and Users function.

- [x] Added isComplete property.

- [x] Fixed DELETE implementation.

- [x] Implemented habit model.

### api/models/user.js

- [x] Fixed JOIN on getById method.

- [x] Linked ids with habit's model.

- [x] Implemented user model.

### api/routes/auth.js

- [x] Implemented Cryptography route.

### api/tests/unit/controllers/habits.spec.js

- [x] Refactored and fixed tests.

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/tests/unit/controllers/users.spec.js

- [x] Refactored and fixed tests.

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/tests/unit/models/Habit.spec.js

- [x] Refactored and fixed tests.

- [x] Initial Commit.

### api/tests/unit/models/User.spec.js

- [x] Refactored and fixed tests.

- [x] Initial Commit.


### api/index.js

- [x] Initial Commit - Setup Server initialisation

### api/server.js

- [x] Initial Commit - Setup Server configuration

### api/.env

- [x] Initial Commit

### api/dbConfig/init.js

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup DB initialisation

### api/dbConfig/seedDev.js

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup FS

### docker-compose.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Configuration

### docker-compose.dev.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Dev

### docker-compose.test.yaml

- [x] Initial Commit
- [x] Setup Docker Test

### api/package.json

- [x] Added Cryptography packages for password hashing.

- [x] Initial Commit

### api/.gitignore

- [x] Initial Commit

### .gitignore

- [x] Initial Commit

### Bugs
- 

## Wins & Challenges

### Wins

### Challenges

----
## Credits

>Crafted by Ben, Marie-Sophie, Samantha, and Terry.
